# Platform Team

## Last Week
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-466 - scripts/platforms/shopify/savedsearch - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-491 - scripts/platform/Shopify/billing - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-492 - platforms/shopify/customization/singleProduct - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-494 - scripts/platforms/shopify/merchantLoginRegister - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-495 - scripts/platforms/shopify/openInApp - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-505 - BullMq logs - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-1333 - Zoho CRM Module Setup - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-1334 - Vajro Events -> Zoho - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-1356 - Existing App Migration - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-1463 - Domain & Trial Days CSV - General Available


## Current Week
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-487 - scripts/authorization - Ready for Dev Sprint
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-488 - scripts/authorization/jwt - Ready for Dev Sprint
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-489 - scripts/adminPanel - Ready for Dev Sprint
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-498 - scripts/adminPanel/FeatureRequest - Ready for Dev Sprint
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-1334 - Vajro Events -> Zoho - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-1335 - Zoho Events -> Vajro - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-1356 - Existing App Migration - Development
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/NXT-1468 - scripts/autosync/fetchProductsWithID - Development



# Automation Team

### Last week
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-9 - Upload the Metadata in play store
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-74 - Create One signal segment using API
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-86 - gif automation in s3 bucket
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-100 - Handle S3 JKS replace
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-111 -Gif Automation Kt to production team
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-112 - one signal message input issue
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-113 - Taiko installation issue in harish System
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-117 - Disable deep linking for 34897
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-118 - Enable Apple pay for 14431 using API
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-119 - Automation setup in Bhuvi and prasanth system
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-120 - Apple login was not enabled automatically when google login is enabled
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-121 - Disable deep linking for black and mobile
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-122 - IOS issue in universal linking automation

### Current week
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-9 - Upload the Metadata in play store
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-93 - IOS Facebook Client Token automation
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-94 - Android Facebook Client Token automation
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-101 - Handle JKS name convention for the new clients requesting old JKS
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-102 - Generate SHA key and compare it with the Live APK SHA key
https://vajrohq.atlassian.net/browse/PA-116 - Deep linking issue in android
